Allow amending commit vs. creating one, add YAML (#34)
caksoylar/keymap-drawer: README.md

## Setting up an automated drawing workflow

> If you use a [ZMK config repo](https://zmk.dev/docs/user-setup), you can set up an automated workflow to parse your keymaps, then draw and commit SVG and YAML outputs to your repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a [ZMK config repo](https://zmk.dev/docs/user-setup), you can set up an automated workflow that parses and draws your keymaps, then commits the YAML parse outputs and produced SVGs to your repo.
```

      output_folder: "keymap-drawer"            # path to save produced SVG and keymap YAML files
      parse_args: ""  # map of extra args to pass to `keymap parse`, e.g. "corne:'-l Def Lwr Rse' cradio:''"
      draw_args: ""   # map of extra args to pass to `keymap draw`, e.g. "corne:'-k corne_rotated' cradio:'-k paroxysm'"
```

### Modifying the workflow-generated commit

The workflow will add the generated SVG and keymap representation YAML files to the `output-folder`, and generate a new `"keymap-drawer render"` commit by default. You can modify this commit message with the `commit_message` input param, e.g.:

```yaml
jobs:
  draw:
    uses: caksoylar/keymap-drawer/.github/workflows/draw-zmk.yml@main
    with:
      # Use the triggering commit's message, prepending the "[Draw]" tag
      commit_message: "[Draw] ${{ github.event.head_commit.message }}"
      # …other inputs
```

Alternatively, you can choose to amend the triggering commit instead of generating a new one by using the `amend_commit: true` option. In this case the triggering commit's message will be used by default, and the `commit_message` input will be ignored. E.g.:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Warning**

> > You should understand the implications of rewriting history if you amend a commit that has already been published. [See rebasing](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rebase#_recovering_from_upstream_rebase).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You should understand the implications of rewriting history if you amend a commit that has already been published. See [remarks](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rebase#_recovering_from_upstream_rebase) in `git-rebase` documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rebase#_recovering_from_upstream_rebase).
```

> > You should understand the implications of rewriting history if you amend a commit that has already been published. [See rebasing](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-rebase#_recovering_from_upstream_rebase).

Reviewer: Could you also move this warning block to after the yaml?
